-Gelato!
Mama mia!
-Come on Blue, please?
-I'm not gonna tell you.
-Please, please, please?
-No way! I got you the greatest birthday present of all time.
I'm not gonna spoil the surprise.
-You're such a jerk!
-Ah! Oh my god! Oww.
-Wow. You're a jerk and a wuss.
-No?!
-Alright you pussy. I gotta go to work.
See you later, Blue! I'll call you tonight.
-Okay smoochie poo-poo pie.
-I can't wait to see what you get me for my birthday.
-Hey, toots!
-Go to hell, Red.
-Okay, see you there!
-Gelato!
-Dude, this place is a dump!
-You know where there is a dump? Your bed.
-God damn it dude, not again. Use the toilet!
-Ah! Mr. Dingleberry!
-You haven't payed rent in 8 months!
-Oh my god, you're right.
Here, let me get my checkbook.
-Okay. I'll just wait right here.
-Gelato! Ciao! F*ck it!
-Expired, expired, rotten, poison...
-Dude, you've been playing that 1st level for 3 hours,
can you really not make that jump?
-Psh! I can make it. I just HATE that little
guy!
-Ciao! MAMA MIAA!
-Move over. I got a degree in advanced joystick theory and I ain't afraid to use it.
-Yeah, I heard you practicing last night.
-Uh, Olivia! Oh Munn! You do it for me everytime!
There! Done with this hand crocheted towel of Olivia Munn!
Time to jack off.
-Let me show you how this shit's done, son!
-THE FUCK?! Who took them lights?!
-I mean we haven't payed the electricity bill
in 7 months.
-We pay for electricity?
-You don't! I do!
-Wait! All of our food's gonna go bad!
-All of our food IS bad!
-Can't let. Precious food. Go to waste!
-Dude you know that's all expired.
-I DON'T CARE!
-Oh god, not the milk.
-I'll keep you safe in my belly cow juice!
I think I'm gonna vom...
-Hey listen. I-I got a big problem.
I totally just lied to Pink.
-EEEGS!
-Her birthday's next week and I told her I got her the greatest gift of all time, but I didn't get her anything!
-Give her this mayonnaise jar. Aaaaaahh...
-No. Come on, you know what girls like right?
What should I get her?
-Hey you should go see The Racc-
-See who?
-The Raccoo-
-What are you trying to say?!
-I can only say so many words before I-
-The Raccoon!
-Ooooh...
-He's got the coolest stuff.
-Eesh. I don't know if I should get my girlfriend a gift in the pawn shop.
-You should get her this cool hat!
-Yeah, try it on.
-So, you want a gift for your girrfriend, ehhh?
-Whoa. How'd you know?
-You talk-a very roud.
-Fits perfect!
-DID YOU TOUCH THAT FUCKING BEAR TRAP?!
-No. Idiot.
-Um so... me and my girlfriend have been dating a long time and I wanna get her something super romantic.
-I've got-a the perfect gift for you.
But first, a story.
-No! Old people stories!
-A rong time ago, in ancient Japan,
my country was at war.
My small virrage was all that was reft.
Knowing I may die in battle,
I gave my wife our symbol of undying rove.
A Rotus Frower.
Armed with the weapon of my ancestors,
The Great Sword of Destiny,
I reft to confront my fate.
But the mighty beast Ocho Muerte emerged from the sea and-a took my wife!
I was too rate!
In my rage, I fought the Takagami Demon Army
And srew ten hundred thousand hundred warriors!
Honorabry.
All that remained was-a Rord Takagami himself.
Though wounded, he shattered the brade
and scattered it through the wind.
As he ray dying, he said to me.
-Fuck you!
-He was a douchebag.
-You may have won the battle Raccoon,
but the ghosts of my warriors will haunt The Great Sword of Destiny,
FOREVER!
-And with-a that he died, but his curse remains,
guarding the sword against any who may seek to use it's great-a power again.
But the power of the brade was-a too strong
even-a for me.
And in the fury of battre, I found I destroyed not only the Takagami Demon Army,
but all of Japan!
Dishonered, my kinsmen banished me from my home!
Never again, to return.
-Oh! Sorry. I was-a bored my own story.
-Wait, so where's the sword?
-There is onry one reft arive who knows.
-Who?
-Hold up. Why the hell would I get Pink a sword?
This is retarded!
-NO!
Bring me the sword and in return, I shall give you the greatest gift a girl--
NO! A woman--
NO! A goddess could ever hope to recieve.
-Is it, ma dick?
-Yes.
-Ho, Really?
-No.
Hahaha you're very gurrible.
-Well, who even knows where it still is?
-You must-a find the man who considers me
his greatest enemy.
-My son, Son-san!
-Nope, you're weird.
I'm just gonna go buy her some flowers.
-Shit, I'll find that sword, this sounds awesome!
-What? Really?
-Yeah, man!
It's a ten-thousand year-old sword, hidden in Japan, guarded by demon ninjas?!
That's the most awesome thing I've ever heard of!
-Dude, you're gonna get yourself killed going after that thing.
-Maybe... but at least I'm not a goddamn pussy!
-I'm not a pussy!
-You ARE a pussy, with a capitar vagina!
I told you about the brade because I thought
you would have the courage to do something...
extraordinary!
-Yeah right, all he does all day is sit in his room playing with his joystick.
He'd TOTALLY get killed.
-Have fun stayin' home man! I'll send you a postcard!
-This was a mistake. Onry a true hero could
find The Great Sword of Destiny.
But I can see now. it is not you.
-You're wrong!
-Ohh?
-Yeah! I'm gonna find the shit out of that sword!
-It's going to be very dangerous.
-Good! Pussies hate danger! And I'm NOT a pussy!
Give me that!
-Aw-ha yeah!
Time to get our quest on! Whoo!